welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the elite June L Drouin RPG RL drew and
optimized for RPG depending on how far
into the fine print you want to get
speaking of fine print this mouse has an
absolutely ridiculous amount of fine
print they even explain what the Legion
branding is about him Lita gin is
composed of two words lead and Legion
alright for the uninitiated the word
leet is an internet phrase derived from
the word elite blah-blah-blah often used
something something something all that
stands before them so yeah they're
explaining what leet means which it I I
hope isn't an indicator of who they're
expecting to buy these mice because then
it would be only for noobs should I
explain what noob is a noob is sort of a
play on words of the you know the word
boob and new and you know and rube which
is a word that means that you're done so
Omron microswitches two of those for the
left and right click him extreme
durability and reliability got it
omni tuner fast switch your profiles
okay well show you this once we open it
up DPI micro tune real time on the fly
DPI tuning so this kind of goes with the
profile switching removable palm plates
choose your own texture size and style
and the s pad which is basically a
five-way d-pad so box wise we're gonna
go ahead and switch to the camera that I
meant to be looking at this from and
it's kind of an awesome box so the
packaging opens up like that and this
comes off like that and then this comes
apart like this and the mouse looks
freaking sweet actually oh I'll give it
that
the mouse looks awesome it also has
there you go one of the included plates
so it comes with a couple of different
plates so go ahead and put that on right
there so take this out this is a not a
thing okay let's find out what's in here
Quick Start Guide in the shape of the
mouse itself shows you how to sort of
find the buttons that are on it and how
to find the other more different buttons
so there's your middle button there's
four more buttons around it on the left
side there's your 11 and 12
over on the right side they couldn't
quite figure out which way to put the
text on that probably okay there's your
manual presumably there will be some
more instructions in here other than
what we were able to find on the website
oh good we're gonna need that because
there's not a lot of info out there look
at that they include replacement not
flippy pads that is awesome although I
wouldn't necessarily expect them to wear
out right away and they are covered with
a plastic cover guys so make sure you
don't use the mouse before you've
removed those there we go these look
like pretty standard material for slip
pads come on there we go yeah looks like
about the stuff that you see on any kind
of quality Mouse let's go ahead and pull
that out and diesel can go ahead and
grab some footage of the mouse itself
while I figure out what the hell else is
in this package because I can't think of
too many other things that would be know
okay so there's a couple more couple
more palm plates so there's actually
three included total for included total
okay so you pick get to pick your color
and your size and your texture so that
sort of corresponds to what they said on
the packaging and make sense now in
retrospect so let's go ahead and see how
how hard these are to pop off so you
just kind of pull them off I guess yeah
there you go and then you can go with
what are the so that's okay it just says
I'll drew it on the back so you can go
with sort of a smaller hand shape one so
that I'd say is more like four sort of
very very small hands like kid hands
girl hands and then the bigger one
that's more suitable for someone with my
size hands so there you go there's your
I've got these in the way I've gold
plated USB connector as well as a
braided sleeve very very nice you've
also got velcro strap here for managing
the cable should you so desire alright
so now let's get into what the heck all
of these buttons do so there's your left
to right click there's your scroll wheel
which also has a click very nice scroll
wheel it's very large it goes all the
way through the mouse and actually has a
very very nice grip on it kind of
reminds me of like a car tire the way
that it's the way that it's gripped
there so it's very very cool and then
that's pretty much it except for these
side guys so this is the skill power
action d-pad so
is a 5v5 way d-pad which isn't to say
that it kind of goes in sort of north
east south west quark or anything like
that like it's it's up left right down
left and in so it's actually a pressable
button so what this does is it is fully
programmable and gives you fast access
to skills without the need to memorize
complex button placements this is
actually kind of a smart way to do it
and I like it the d-pad is what I would
do is i brace myself with my ring finger
here and then use the pinky to operate
this one and that gives me the ability
to put enough force on the d-pad without
accidentally clicking the left and right
click so that's how I would actually use
that ergonomics wise and then on the
other side we have the omni tuner so the
omni tuner does is a dial so you can see
it actually spins like this and you can
choose two things you can either change
your profile and so that'll allow you to
change your character profile or
whatever else you could desire on the
fly or you can actually change your dpi
settings which is very very cool and
you'll have corresponding LED lighting
indication that you can configure in the
software so that way you'll know just
looking at the mouse what profile that
you happen to be in now I'm gonna go
ahead and plug the mouse in because it
has dual zone lighting which is a good
thing to actually show there we go power
that on plug that in so I can show you
guys what it looks like once it's lit up
and let's see what else we've got here
okay so it's not lit yet I actually
don't see where the lights go but I
guess we'll figure that oh there we go
oh there we go
right there so red is dpi micro tune
mode Blue is profile selection mode
yellow is button mode and sky blue is
Omni tuner off mode so those are those
are the way that it's set up by default
so there you go you can see that can you
see that you can see that you're getting
the thumbs up and then this guy right
here is is configurable as well so thank
you for checking out my unboxing and
first look at the El drew an RPG from
leat Jin leat delete Jian Li Jian region
oh yeah I never even said what's right
it's a 5000 dpi mouse with an Avago 9500
laser mouse
sir does anything else no actually don't
forget to subscribe to Linus tech tips
for more unboxings reviews and other
computer videos